Adding Tip not to enable global sds (#5040)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/ingress-certmgr/index.md

By default `istio-ingressgateway` will be exposed as a `LoadBalancer` service type. You may want to change that by setting the `gateways.istio-ingressgateway.type` installation option to `NodePort` if this is more applicable to your Kubernetes environment.
{{< /tip >}}

{{< tip >}}
If you're editing the values.yml file, don't enable
{{< text yaml >}}
sds:
  enabled: false
{{< /text >}}

> This will enable `mtls` between pods which will cause pods to become unhealthy, if you don't have `mtls` configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will enable mutual TLS between pods which will cause pods to become unhealthy if you don't have mutual TLS configured.
```
